added documentation (#97)
parameterIT/tool: documentation/docs/metric.md

                node.end_point[0] - node.start_point[0]
            ) + 1  # length is zero indexed - therefore we add 1 at the end
        loc = sum(1 for line in file if line.rstrip()) - count_comments
        if loc > 250:
            violations.append(Violation("LOC", (str(path), -1, -1)))
        return violations

metric = FileLength()
```

This metric makes use of tree sitter to query out all of the commented lines, whereafter it finds out whether or not the file getting analyzed, is longer than it should. Here it is important to note that the list of violations is appended to, where each violation describes the file that violates the threshhold as well as the start and end position of the violation. Note that since file length considers the entire file a violation, both the start point and end point are set to -1.

Furthermore, it is important to note that the source repository _NEEDS_ to be introduced in the constructor of each metric as *None*. This is due to us making use of _importlib_ in runner, which needs a top level field that it can inject the source repository into. This way we simply allocate space for the object.

## The Source Repository

> An instance of the SourceCoordinator class is passed down as each metric is initialized. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An instance of the `SourceCoordinator` class is passed down as each metric is initialized. 
```

> The SourceCoordinator is the single point of interaction between the BYOQM tool and the metric, resulting in a very simple and light interaction. The Source Coordinator class contains an abstract syntax tree and parser specific to the code being analyzed, which is accessible by each metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SourceCoordinator` is the single point of interaction between the modu tool and the metric, resulting in a very simple and light interaction. The `SourceCoordinator` class contains an abstract syntax tree and parser specific to the code being analyzed, which is accessible by each metric.
```
